????????
Professionals
Your Team
Healing Your Monsters
Party Rank
Zoom
Save
Items and Weapons
Ultimate Scout Championship
Tag Mode battles
Monster Trading
Guest Monsters
The Guest Tag
Scouting
Successful Scouting
Substitute Monsters
Switching in Battle
Healing Spots
Mighty Monsters
Giant Monsters
Skill Allocation
Item Vendor
Gold Bank ATM
Favorite Teams
Virtual Battle
Weather
About Lineage 1
About Lineage 2
Synthesis
How to Synthesise
Inheriting Skills
Maximum Level
Synthesis+
Heal ALl
Monster Mender
Scout Q Memo 1
Scout Q Memo 2
Scout Q Memo 3
Scout Q Memo 4
Scout Q Memo 5
Scout Q Memo 6
Scout Q Memo 7
Scout Q Memo 8
Scout Q Memo 9
Scout Q Memo 10
Scout Q Memo 11
Scout Q Memo 12
Scout Q Memo 13


32 Books
????????
A professional is a monster scout with a just heart that can face any opponent by raising the strongest monsters themselves with exceptional skills and strength. But it is said that only a handful of scouts reach that potential.
Your strong-willed allies that partner with you in battle. The party monsters that fight in front, are the strongest 3. You can have 100 monster allies. You won't be able to scout with more than that so cull from the monster pen.
Wounded  monsters that enter the Albatross will be completely healed. You can also support your allies by using items on them in battle.
Party rank is the number that represents the strength of the party. It will increase as a party as more monsters with high HP or Attack. And party strength changes depending on traits and skills.
You can immediately travel to previously visited areas with Zoom. There are places such as inside the Albatross where it can't be used, but in all other places, such as in caves, it can be used.
You can save anytime anywhere. But there are certain scenes that you cannot save in. So outside of the end of the game, please save before you important states in the game.
Items have various effects, and you can learn about them by pressing Y. An item is used up when used in battle or in the field. Weapons are items that can be equipped on monsters. They have the effect of increasing Attack Power.
The Ultimate Scout Championship is a Wi-Fi ranked battle to determine the strongest in the world. Everyday you fight Home and Away, and to contest ranking. To participate, choose Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection → Ultimate Scout Championship from the title screen.
You can battle other players in Tag Mode by using wireless internet. It is possible to store battle memories against opponents. But warning you can't scout rank S or greater monsters.
You can use other players' monsters and DQM Joker 2 monsters using wireless internet. But trading monsters with DQM Joker 2 is up to rank A, and they will become level 1.
Monsters that join you in Tag Mode are called Guest monsters, and are displayed with the Guest tag. They can be added as party members like your own monsters, and used in even Tag Mode battles, but cannot join Ultimate Scout Championship battles.
When the Guest tag disappears from the family tree, so does the tag on that monster. In other words, if you synthesise with a non-Guest tagged monster, then the Guest tag will be removed and it will be your own monster. Then they can join in Ultimate Scout Championship Wi-Fi battles.
When choosing Scout in battle, your monsters will use a Scout Attack on an opponent monster. You can try as many times as long as you don't offend the monster.
The number displayed in the Scout Attack is the Scout success number. This number increases when the targeted monster is weakened too. When you can't think how to raise it any higher, try increasing your levels.
With Switch, the 3 substitute monsters to the right are displayed. You can swap a main party monster with a substitute one, and use that monster.
You can switch party monsters and substitute monsters in battle by pressing Y. You can make it easier to win by resting monsters with low HP and using substitute monsters. You should try various combinations.
The blue-shining stone pillar is a restore point. It will restore all HP and MP, and revive dead monsters. You can use restore points again even after leaving an area or using them once.
There are monsters that are much larger among monsters. A novice scout is no match for one with such great strength. If you encounter them, then you should flee without fighting..
There seem to be gigantic monsters living across these islands. Even if you fight normally, victory is impossible. There may come a day when you have the strength enough to beat them, but it would be better not to approach them now.
You can learn new skills and spells by allocating skill points that you get on level up.You can sell weapons and items. There seems to be a way to increase the items available for sale?
You can store your money. When all your monsters are defeated, you will lose half of your money on hand, but not any stored in the ATM.
This is a system that allows you to register favorites of your preferred monsters. You can switch these into your party or substitute party. It is useful to register members for Tag Mode and other wireless battles.
Virtual Battle is a system to let you freely fight among your own monsters. You can setup allies and opponents in order to learn enemy attack patterns and check your own monster activities.
When you enter a cleared area, the weather will change, and the area will also change. The weather can change the entire map.
Monsters are divided into 8 families: Slime, Dragon, Nature, Beast, Material, Devil, Zombie, and ???. In that system, there are family-specific tension points that will occur in battle, which when used, will increase tension.
For instance, for slimes, when they take a Sap-like attack, their tension will increase, and for zombies, in battle, they increase tension when defeating enemies. You can find out yourself the tension increasing points for other families.
Synthesis is a miracle technique that produces a new monster from 2 other monsters. You choose two monsters to combine, and the new monster will be produced. They will be stronger than the previous two, and you can steadily improve monsters via Synthesis.
In order to synthesize, the two monsters must be {231} and {232}. And after level 10, they can be used. Monsters are stronger from rank F to A. You can raise monsters of greater rank when synthesising.
Monsters created via Synthesis can be passed 3 skills. And also get passed half of the skill points from the parents. Remember that whether you allocate skills or not, half the skill points will be passed down.
The maximum a monster can grow to is Level 50. But you can create monsters that can level further via synthesis.
Synthesis+ is synthesis that will create 'Strong' and 'Ultimate' monsters. When synthesising a monster of the same family with one level 20 in ranks F, E or D, a 'Strong' monster will be created, and synthesising same family with one level 50 of rank C, B or A will create a 'Ultimate' monster.
You can fully heal party HP using monster skills. But you can only do it as long as they have MP.
Restores monsters HP and MP. You can use it up to 3 times in the field, and when you return to the Albatross, you can use it again.
To clear Scout Q 1, bring a monster with the 'Grumbler' trait! Boppin' Badgers and Armored Wartortoises carry it!
To clear Scout Q 2, bring 2 Dragon family monsters! Place 2 monsters of the Dragon family in your party, and talk to me to clear this! Komodo, Dragonthorns, and Drag Racers are all dragons!
To clear Scout Q 3, bring any monster with the Guest tag to clear this! It doesn't matter which monster!
To clear Scout Q 4, bring a monster with Sudden Buff and Random Buff! 1 Monster can have both or 2 monsters can have 1 each! Army Ants or Axecutioners have these traits!
To clear Scout Q 5, bring a monster with the Spell Satisfaction trait! Swingin' Hipster or Battering Ram have this trait!
To clear Scout Q 6, bring a strong slime monster, any monster with the 'Strong'! When you synthesise F-D rank monsters over level 20 of the same family, a 'Strong' monster is created! The partner's level just needs to be at least 10!
To clear Scout Q 7, bring a monster that has Lucky! There should be a monster with this trait on the coast!
To clear Scout Q 8, bring a monster with Sleep Ward! You can learn the Sleep Ward skill when completing Sleep Guard or Nightmare skills!
To clear Scout Q 9, bring a monster that has Static Discharge trait! Corrupt Carter or Killing Machine have it!
To clear Scout Q 10, bring a party with party rank 6 or greater! Assemble a party that has party rank 6 or greater, and come talk to me to clear! You can check your party rank by pressing X to open the Main Menu!
To clear Scout Q 11, bring a monster with the Standard Killer trait! Baalzack or a 'Strong' Jargon will have it!
To clear Scout Q 12, bring a monster with the Metal Killer trait! A 'Strong' Headhunter or an 'Ultimate' Mecha-mynah will have it!
To clear Scout Q 13, bring a party with party rank 7 or greater! Assemble a party with party rank 7 or greater, and then speak to me to clear! You can check party rank by pressing the X button to open the Main Menu!



{30b}{00}.{30b}D{30b}T















